For this group, our project was an analytics
visualization tool for a basketball analyst.
We called it on the ball, so the four contributors
to our project where Samuel Hepner, Toby Kaufman,
Justin Salim, and Neman razdan, and this project
was for ds4200. So now I'm going to be showing
you guys exactly how this tool works. So as you
can see here this is our tool and our tool was
a scatter plot that showed the distribution
of different players of the NBA selecting two
statistics. So as you can see here I can change
the different statistics on the X and Y axis and
then it'll generate charts for each individual
player. So an example here would be field goals
made on the x-axis and games played on the y-axis
and as you can see if you generated a chart
usually the people with more games played also
made more field goals. As you can see and so
let's look if you select any player over here
you see Jason Tatum made 616 field goals and
played 67 games as a specific example, And
you can see what percentile they're also in.
So as an addition to that the histogram on each
axis also represents the distribution of each
player's for each statistic, and the legend
Also may hide some players as a disclaimer,
but this is just how our visualization tool works.
And I think there's a really interesting
cool tool that you guys could also use.